WIP jinja2 convenience function (#45)
networktocode/netutils: docs/source/netutils/utilities/index.rst

*******************
Netutils Utilities
*******************

Netutils to Jinja2 Filters
============================

In an effort to simplify the process of adding netutils' functions to jinja2 as filters we have created a convenience function. One use case.
Here is the current folder structure.

.. code-block:: python

    .

>     ├── p1.py

Reviewer: Use logical names

Author: Updated

*******************
Netutils Utilities
*******************

Netutils to Jinja2 Filters
============================

> In an effort to simplify the process of adding netutil's functions to jinja2 as filters we have created a convenience function. Let me give you an example of one use case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In an effort to simplify the process of adding netutils' functions to jinja2 as filters we have created a convenience function. One use case.
```

Here is the current folder structure.

.. code-block:: python

    .
    ├── p1.py
    └── templates
    └── test.j2

Below is the code in the `test.j2` file.

.. code-block:: jinja

    IP Address + 200 = {{ "192.168.0.1/10" | ip_addition(200) }}

Below is a code in the `p1.py` folder.

.. code-block:: python

    from jinja2.loaders import FileSystemLoader, PackageLoader
    from jinja2 import Environment, PackageLoader, select_autoescape
    from netutils.utils import jinja2_convenience_function

    env = Environment(
        loader=FileSystemLoader("templates"),
        autoescape=select_autoescape()
    )

>     for function_name, function_object in jinja2_convenience_function().items():

Reviewer: I said extend, but I meant to say update, does this work? env.filters.update(jinja2_convenience_function())

Author: That does indeed work! Makes sense.

        env.filters[function_name] = function_object

    template = env.get_template("test.j2")
    result = template.render()
    print(result)

When you run `p1.py` the output will be:

.. code-block:: python

    IP Address + 200 = 192.168.0.201

Netutils to Jinja2 Filters List
======================================

The below list shows what jinja2 filters are added when you add them using the process above. The keys of the dictionary are the names you would use to call the jinja2 filter.

.. note::

>     Some names have been changed to from their function names to provide more context when used as jinja2 filters.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Some names have been changed from their python function names to provide more context when used as a jinja2 filter.
```
